---
title: Deepa Rangarajan
role: Software Development Engineer
avatar_filename: avatar.jpg
bio: "Software developer by profession, environmentalist by heart"
social:
  - icon: download
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tWafO1Hb3FzYC6y5uhU4ovBZonhTIZV6/view?usp=sharing
    display:
      header: false
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: mailto:deepa.r299@gmail.com
    display:
      header: true
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/deepa0299
    display:
      header: true
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepa-rangarajan-13045a178/
    display:
      header: true
organizations:
  - name: Goldman Sachs
    url: https://www.goldmansachs.com/worldwide/india/
email: ""
superuser: true
highlight_name: true
---
I am a 22 years old computer science engineer currently working at the global investment banking firm, Goldman Sachs. I get to plunge into full stack development and spend adequate hours with various AWS cloud services at my job. However, despite getting to work with such cool tech, I feel like that thing in my chest wants something more. 

Each morning Mother Earth does us a huge favor by sustaining our lives on this planet for one more day, letting us see one more sunrise and I believe that the least I can do in return is use my technical skills to protect Mother Earth and all of its beautiful inhabitants. I am interested in marrying artificial intelligence (AI) with sustainability for societal and environmental benefits. My vision includes implementing models in AI subdomains like computer vision, commensense systems and natural language processing to solve some of the vital problems faced by humanity in the areas of agriculture, climate change, wildlife protection, education and women safety. I am also interested in researching about the ways in which AI itself can be made more sustainable and energy efficient in order to reduce the massive carbon footprint that is generated by certain deep learning models and spread this awareness in our community, encouraging scientists and developers to give significance to the energy factor while evaluating the efficiency of an AI model. 

I am highly passionate about yoga and like to go beyond the traditional techniques, experiment with my yoga practice, try to connect to my soul and build a community where all inquisitive yogi/yoginis like me can confab. I am fond of preparing wholesome meals and devouring succulent fruits and vegetables. I enjoy tripping over the beats of pop music and getting dreamy with some low-key soothing music. Occasionally, I love to crawl into the world of fiction through my books, movies or tv series.

You can expect finding here some posts related to my academic interests and a few others more inclined towards my personal thoughts, experiences and struggles. Feel free to connect with me via any of the means listed on your top right. I wish you all the love and light, from my heart to yours :) 
